I'll I um an update of my profession and
a former own facebook update because I'm
super orthodontist on Wednesday and um
to tighten my robe life races and i have
to say that there was a little bit of
pressure um but it wasn't really that
bad like I can handle it's not that bad
on air that it's um now just about a
little over month I say it's like a
month ago almost like a little bit of
order now that I microblog racism and
she said that's ever there oh I'm going
to get them to get everything straight
so what's worth it I can't believe about
the first video it's over here like i
was notified and i answer is that a lot
of this automated movement I've had 449
keywords are destructive yom kippur
that's ever thought and I hope president
you are in the authenticity you can't I
hear my time to die give you information
about how the deal stopped because I
know what size ago I want difference my
parents said that Jimmy
easy to look for everyone in the back of
it I say no I watched had enough reasons
to do with Brock the room retainer with
you mind to devote ourselves what it is
so I've chosen and lost a lot of that
now to go a bit of a court now so was up
that what to say I've said I believe
personally wouldn't you like Billy
washing things like such as a gutter or
42 or gum I really wanted wanting to
jump I personally have a type but it
seems i will get stuck
specifically right there so you lost the
stuff at the bottom with their little
fireballs um obviously this is like oh I
think that I really need for progress
this even though it's a wave of this
quarter
so it's ship it out check like
so
it over my it's okay so pretty
so my smiles are getting better the
faucets get it better and
Carter put back edge because discussing
that's another fit it clips of what it
is it was kind of easier slip it is now
on the floor guidesmen in there are
sides i get like the wolf us like family
push the instance you're not alone and
there we just want to say if that's a
month to the quarters a also
orthodontist up so i'll comment below
ever subscribe Oh walkin interviews the
turn so you don t stay rocking i noted
but that
comment below subscribe up there and
when you comment on it up with the next
corner here so I'm over time I bring all
of the different team or sounded is it
that good so an actual how it is
affecting me Oh several it from the
1920s there has a family agree that that
David is published through so i really
don't know why it's like sounding so
toppled by all the blue is the charges
of it in order to cover stuff trial so
up to figure out because it ok
understanding of our part oh well yeah i
just fine